
NOT NECESSARY IN ORDER.

0.	Add a README FOR GITHUB

0a.	Flesh out the info.json file so that it relates more to the "TipJar" theme rather 	than just being a duplicate of another
1.	Make sure all URLs have the correct name as their content
	⁃	Can be done in Settings > Site Publishing > Labels and Links
2.	Create terms page for standardized languages
	⁃	Have users able to select which app? and have a universal terms page?
3.	Create and style pagination
5.	Figure out a way to merge filters
	⁃	i.e. If someone were to click on Photoshop, clicking on the secondary nav 		would be filter=photoshop+'nav_option'
	⁃	from the home page (all tips)
9.	Have a pc/mac toggle button that would switch all text like "cmd" with "ctrl"
10.	Eventually be able to click on a tip, and it would give examples of how the 	specific tip would be useful. This might take a new page template or options so 	that we don't have to truncate captions, yet still have full examples.
	⁃	OR just to intermediate photoshop tips. tough call.
12.	Reformat documentation pages
13.	About Page needs to be made
17.	404 page
18.	Continue documenting resources and adding terminology
19.	Needs to be mobile friendly sweet jesus what have I done.
20.	Make Tumblr blog look like the site, maybe same nav?
21.	Get a working version of the Submit tip in the footer.
22.	Add more information to the contact page i.e., info about contacting me, submit feedback, etc.
23.	Tell the contact tip page to just add thank you text at the end of the form, instead of refreshing and appending #form to the end of the URL
24.	Secondary nav drop down once clicking on app name?



COMPLETED ITEMS

4. Create and style the Submit Tip form
	- added a page in layouts/submit.html
	- called the page in layouts/footer.html
16. Added footer with toggling tip section - non functional.
	- added dotted line
15.	Each application page needs it's title to be displayed.
11.	Clicking on a tips difficulty will need to bring it the specific category page.
	⁃	i.e. clicking on the 'intermediate' text on a photoshop tip takes you to 		the all the intermediate tips
8.	Corresponding favicons?
	- design them too
6.	Correspond the colors of the <h3> titles (beginner, intermediate, advanced) with 	the current application color
	⁃	Unless you are the home page because it will display ALL of the most 		recent tips no matter what application
7.	Correspond the header image to the current application color
14.	Contact page needs to be made